BUGS:

Doesn't report SHA digest changes or directory file changes for link targets.

Errors can sometimes occur if -s <bogussetname> is used.

If /var/db/sigtree/spec/host or /var/db/sigtree/secondary/spec/host is
in the changed file, initialize_specs doesn't take it out. (Have modified
update to permit updating a changed spec directory with version 1.14.)

FEATURES TO ADD:

Should do more consistent escaping of potentially dangerous characters in filenames
that will be used in command lines.

Could use append-only file flags to create checkpoint files for hashes
of spec files, which are verified at time of update (sappnd for primary,
uappnd for secondary, perhaps--or sappnd for secondary also).

On macOS have a mode or report that doesn't report details below directories
named "<name>.app".

Allow doing comparison of the contents of a sigtree database against a set
of directories that may be mounted or on an altroot, so that there is a
prefix on the directory name. This would probably need to be limited to
check, no initialize or update, and would probably require passing an
extra parameter around through a number of functions and packages.

Allow importing hashes from mtree and pkg db? Or sha2/3_create files?
  Or via config file reference to same? (Import sounds better.)
Add to config file a reference to file of system SHA hashes, and ability to
   check against that (hash check only). Ability to create such a file?
   (i.e., incorporate sha3_create/compare capability).

Add use of user immutability (uchg) for changed files.

Add ability to re-initialize signatures for all specs (initialize_specs doesn't
and probably shouldn't do that).

Add ability to auto-generate a configuration via interactive questions
about directories off the root directory (descending the tree on
demand).

Add ability to send notifications, with email addresses definable
per-set and per-tree. (Or more general API interface to functionality.)

Add ability to initialize new trees added to the conf file without
initializing anything else or having to put those trees into a special
set.  Perhaps create an implicit set called "new" or "uncreated" that
includes all and only trees without specifications. (Or via interactive
browsing feature.)

Per-user sigtree conf files (~/.sigtree.conf ?), when run as non-root.
Allow setting root dir, spec dir in ~/.sigtree.conf; perhaps also
via environmental variables.

Add keyword(s) for cyclog/multilog dirs, so that it won't keep
commenting on every new addition to/deletion from the log directory
unless it somehow violates the format of a cyclog/multilog dir.
The reason this can't currently be done with exceptions is that
there is no flag to ignore file adds/deletions.  (With regexps,
you could get close, by having it ignore files in the directory
that are of the appropriate format.) [This can now be done with exceptions
using the "ignore" set:  exception-tree: logdir:IGN.]

Allow the ability to use reg exps (or limited regexps) in exception:
fields.  (Will require changing the subroutines underlying the
determination of primary set...)  Useful for, e.g., measuring
different things based on file suffixes.

Create an API layer to expose functionality for other tools.

Add functionality to facilitate remote execution (i.e., keep 
specifications on a secure bastion host, scp them (and the code)
out to each remote host, run the check, and summarize changes
for all hosts; run updates on all hosts and scp the specifications
back to the bastion host).  Use a client/server architecture.
GUI?  Showing hosts, files changed/added/deleted?

Or: add ability to detect changes in real-time and report back
to a central server.

Add the ability to attempt to correlate file changes with entries in
logs (in particular, in the sudo log --/var/log/security, where we can
come up with a username, and perhaps also with /var/log/messages).

Add support for Windows and MacOS.  (Will need to use File::Basename
in a lot of places.)  (Actually, this should already work on Mac OS X
now--or Cygwin.)

Add the ability to generate an mtree file from a spec. (low priority)
(And vice versa?)
